END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IMPORTANT: THIS SOFTWARE END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ("EULA") IS A LEGAL
AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) BETWEEN YOU (THE CUSTOMER, EITHER AS AN INDIVIDUAL
OR, IF PURCHASED OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRED BY OR FOR AN ENTITY, AS AN ENTITY) AND
ENDEL DREYER. READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE COMPLETING THE INSTALLATION
PROCESS AND USING COLYSEUS PRO AND RELATED SOFTWARE COMPONENTS (“SOFTWARE”).
IT PROVIDES A LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE AND CONTAINS WARRANTY INFORMATION
AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS. BY INSTALLING AND USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE
CONFIRMING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND AGREEING TO BECOME BOUND BY
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to use the Software under this Agreement, you must receive a “Source
URL” at the time of purchase, in accordance with the scope of use and other
terms specified for each type of Software and as set forth in this Section 1
of this Agreement.

1. License Grant

1.1 General Use. This Agreement grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
limited license to the use rights for the Software, without the right to
grant sublicenses, subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement. The
Software is licensed, not sold.

1.2 Unlimited Organization License. If you purchased an Organization License
(included with the Colyseus Pro Software), you may install the Software on an
unlimited number of Hosts. “Host” means any physical or virtual machine which
is controlled by you.

1.3 Archive Copies. You are entitled to make a reasonable amount of copies of
the Software for archival purposes. Each copy must reproduce all copyright
and other proprietary rights notices on or in the Software Product.

1.3 Electronic Delivery. All Software and license documentation shall be
delivered by electronic means unless otherwise specified on the applicable
invoice or at the time of purchase. Software shall be deemed delivered when
it is made available for download by you (“Delivery”).

2. Modifications. Endel Dreyer shall provide you with source code so
that you can create Modifications of the original software. “Modification”
means: (a) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file included
in the original Software or previous Modifications created by You, or (b) any
new file that contains any part of the original Software or previous
Modifications. While you retain all rights to any original work authored by
you as part of the Modifications, We continue to own all copyright and other
intellectual property rights in the Software.

3. Restricted Uses.

3.1 You shall not (and shall not allow any third party to): (a) distribute,
sell, sublicense, rent, lease or use the Software for time sharing, hosting,
service provider or like purposes, except as expressly permitted under this
Agreement; (b) redistribute the Software or Modifications other than by
including the Software or a portion thereof within your own product, which
must have substantially different functionality than the Software or
Modifications and must not allow any third party to use the Software or
Modifications, or any portions thereof, for software development or
application development purposes; (c) redistribute the Software as part of a
product, "appliance" or "virtual server"; (d) redistribute the Software on
any server which is not directly under your control; (e) remove any product
identification, proprietary, copyright or other notices contained in the
Software; (f) modify any part of the Software, create a derivative work of
any part of the Software (except as permitted in Section 4), or incorporate
the Software, except to the extent expressly authorized in writing by Endel
Dreyer; (g) publicly disseminate performance information or analysis
(including, without limitation, benchmarks) from any source relating to the
Software; (h) utilize any equipment, device, software, or other means
designed to circumvent or remove any form of Source URL or copy protection
used by Endel Dreyer in connection with the Software, or use the Software
together with any authorization code, Source URL, serial number, or other
copy protection device not supplied by Endel Dreyer; (i) use the Software to
develop a product which is competitive with any Endel Dreyer product
offerings; or (j) use unauthorized Source URLS or keycode(s) or distribute or
publish Source URLs or keycode(s), except as may be expressly permitted by
Endel Dreyer in writing. If your unique Source URL is ever published, Endel
Dreyer reserves the right to terminate your access without notice.

3.2 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES MAY YOU USE THE SOFTWARE AS PART OF A PRODUCT OR
SERVICE THAT PROVIDES SIMILAR FUNCTIONALITY TO THE SOFTWARE ITSELF.

The Open Source version of the Software (“MIT Version”) is licensed under the
terms of the MIT License (“MIT”) and not under this EULA.

4. Ownership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
except for the limited license rights expressly provided herein, Endel Dreyer
have and will retain all rights, title and interest (including, without
limitation, all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other
intellectual property rights) in and to the Software and all copies,
modifications and derivative works thereof (including any changes which
incorporate any of your ideas, feedback or suggestions). You acknowledge that
you are obtaining only a limited license right to the Software, and that
irrespective of any use of the words “purchase”, “sale” or like terms
hereunder no ownership rights are being conveyed to you under this Agreement
or otherwise.